Slight rewording of Ghneoe (#10390)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/gegno/gegno events.txt

		"required reputation" 1
	planet "Ghneoe"
		description `Ghneoe's orbital period is dominated by a very long dry season due to the binary stars at the system's center. However, during a short portion of the year, Ghneoe experiences an intense water cycle that results in a boom of greenery and wildlife activity, developing a short-lived but flourishing ecosystem. Much of the flora and fauna have adapted to such drastic shifts in climate, and return to a dormant state once the intense heat cycle returns.`

> 		description `	Unlike its moon, Ghneoe sees little to no colonization effort from either the Gegno Vi or Scin, perhaps due to the abnormal weather cycles, continued system warfare, or a combination of both.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		description `	Unlike its moon, Ghneoe sees few to no colonization efforts from either the Gegno Vi or Scin, perhaps due to the abnormal weather cycles, continued system warfare, or a combination of both.`
```
